Fix small typo in docs/domainmetadata.rst, s/recording/record/ (#11411)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/domainmetadata.rst

PUBLISH-CDNSKEY, PUBLISH-CDS
----------------------------

> Whether to publish CDNSKEY and/or CDS record defined in :rfc:`7344`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to publish CDNSKEY and/or CDS records as defined in :rfc:`7344`.
```
